c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\bin\Debug\DotaLass.exe.config
c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\bin\Debug\DotaLass.exe
c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\bin\Debug\DotaLass.pdb
c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\DotaLass_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\DotaLass_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\DotaLass.g.resources
c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\DotaLass.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\DotaLass.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\DotaLass.exe
c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\DotaLass.pdb
c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\heartoftheforce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\HeartofTheForce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\HeartofTheForce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\HeartofTheForce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\Resources\Dictionaries\CustomizedScrollViewer.baml
C:\Users\HeartofTheForce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\Resources\Dictionaries\CustomizedComboBox.baml
C:\Users\HeartofTheForce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\DotaLass.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\HeartofTheForce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\Windows\SettingsWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\HeartofTheForce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\obj\Debug\Windows\SettingsWindow.baml
C:\Users\HeartofTheForce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.WPF.dll
C:\Users\HeartofTheForce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.WPF.xml
C:\Users\HeartofTheForce\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotaLass\DotaLass\bin\Debug\Settings.json
